Don't think you're making a phone call
It can stop us from signing a contract with the Li Group
Hey, I don't know who to call yet
Maybe it's for 10086.
Hahaha
young man
You say what's wrong with you at a young age?
Gotta do this stupid pocket
Hurry up and leave the Li Group, I can afford it
You are stupid
Humph
I kindly advise you to be so ignorant, right?
Ouyang Yang
What about our years of love for women?
Apologize to me in your next life now.
Can I?
Don't care about the mistake you just made
If you have time, worry about you first.
Hello Chen Tezhu
What!
The civil group cancelled its cooperation with us.
Pardon me?
Chen Tezhu called
Say we offended people we shouldn't have offended?
Isn't he going to eat?
Master Li
It's all my fault
I don't know Tarzan
Please forgive me once in a while
Just give me one more chance! OK.
Those who dare to bully me
Even if your Bai family goes bankrupt, you can't afford compensation
No, Mr. Li
Don't want Mr. Li
Forget it, big brother, let's go. I'll let you go today.
Next time
If you are blind, don't think about him standing still
It's over.
Offended Mr. Li
These 11 items are gone.